hi guys my Marcus is dead just like any
show in store my review of my hair
fantasy and Brazilian Bonnie way that
I've got here on my lovely hair this is
to bring back doors by the way a 16 on
top at 18 and 22 and it took about three
weeks to get here cuz it's coming all
the way from America sydney australia's
it took upon a while how much from
symbols would expect so yeah as was that
i made you part so i made one of the
first person in the strength to make ed
but i made it you probably and so what I
didn't I made the wings and come hold my
hand down then kind of stone and the do
you part we want my hair or 340 pop week
i should say you know please color to
mix uses of 343 popping so that's what
I've got here some less know my size oh
no I sense telling some some leave out a
little bit and I suppose a quick
shout-out to pump amelie Nigeria night
checked out and something thank you very
much and then I'm jazzy J jazzy Jujubee
a tune in seven again if I making be
corrected Jackie Jujubee a two and
fabulosity is me thank you guys so much
those the chance I can learn how to put
it 345 together everybody else I'm not
doing but these three channels or three
ladies kind of helped me and the one
thing I asked if you guys when you guys
get into the end absolutely part way
well the last is we guys are ending if
you guys are not get that I can assure
you what he has done or even
one another video that can explain how
to edit about Lucas that's why I found
the hottest integer okay and I'd also
dyed his hair I tried the 18 and the
16th permanent black the 22 and I
couldn't black minister and work ethic
claro black lens um it just looks like
the ribs and this one doesn't look like
a dad anybody else black enough it
wasn't really came was a natural natural
color it wasn't it was a cartoon cartoon
natural column so I had to die cuz it
has to buy my head um yeah that's all I
want to say so I've also got this little
flap with this yes Satan gonna flex were
I'm gonna have to coming to flexin
what's that so interesting as well and
so these are this is a flexi rods mean
by doing these costs I choose but thanks
for us oh yeah so that's all I want to
say so thank you guys for watching and
take groundless taken by I also want to
say my diamond center lost our kind of
has minimized so um yeah that's the one
thing we couldn't I hey but I use blue
basin of 122 it was find the muscle so
there but using current dye takes up the
last hour so that's one thing you guys
much about and I did get this hair
market from the hair fantasy justin hays
guys wanna work hey huh so are the more
information below and yet take a
you